What was the best part of your day?
If you could only pick one, would you go salty or sweet?
What's your favorite recipe to make?
What food would you rather go out to eat than cook?
What did you listen to on the way over here?
What book are you reading?
Who is your favorite celebrity couple?
What condiment can you not live without?
If you could only eat one type of cheese for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who is your role model?
What's the last show you watched?
What movie have you watched the most times?
What is your comfort TV show?
Are you a morning person or night owl?
What's your favorite thing to do outside?
What was your favorite food to eat growing up?
What's your favorite sports team?
Rank the seasons 1 to 4: Fall, Spring, Summer, and Winter?
What's your favorite restaurant?
What's your dream vacation destination?
Who is your favorite super hero?
If you could have one super power, what would it be?
What's your favorite sport?
What's the best book you've ever read?
What's your favorite subject in school?
If you could eat one candy for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is your dream car?
What's your favorite memory from the school year?
What's the funniest thing you've heard a teacher say?
Tell me the funniest joke you've ever heard.
What is your favorite restaurant?
If you could be a professional athlete at one sport, what would it be?
What is your favorite song?
What's one thing you learned today?
What TV show have you watched the most?
What's your favorite meal?
What's the best thing your parents cook?
If you could only pick one, would you choose cake or ice cream?
At what age does a person become old?
What's the best thing about your siblings?
What do you think makes your generation unique?
How have you grown or changed in the past year?
What actor should star in the story of your life?
What do you wish adults knew or remembered about being a teen?
What do you like best about yourself?
If you could road trip anywhere, where would you go?
What's the biggest challenge you've faced in life so far?
How did you overcome that challenge?
What makes popular kids popular?
If you could invite three people, living or dead, to your birthday party, who would you choose?
What hurts your feelings the most?
What movie really nailed teen life?
What's the last thing you learned at school that really surprised you?
What qualities do you look for in a friend?
What do you wish you could change about the educational system?
What cause or issue matters to you the most?
Is social media a good thing for teens or bad?
What's your biggest dream for yourself?
Do you have a plan to make it a reality?
What's your favorite form of art?
What have you been up to since we saw each other last?
What family member do you think most resembles or acts like you?
How is work going?
If you had to teach a class for a day, what subject would you choose?
What TV or movie family does our family remind you of most?
Are you binging any great series?
What's something you got away with as a kid that no one here knows about?
How have you been spending the holiday?
What was your favorite age and why?
If you could trade places with your parents, what would you do differently?
Do you have any big vacation plans for this year?
What new family tradition should we start?
Who's the family's best cook?
If you had the entire world's attention of the world for just 15 seconds, what would you say?
If our family had a theme song, what would it be?
What was your dream job when you were a kid?
What have you been cooking lately?
What family story has got to be preserved?
What do you think is our weirdest family ritual?
If you could, would you rather meet your ancestors from two centuries ago or your great-great-great grandchildren?
What's the number one item on your bucket list?
What's the best book you've ever read?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What's your go-to comfort food?
What pet peeve drives you the craziest?
What's the last movie you saw in a theater?
What website is your biggest time suck?
What's your favorite hobby?
If you could travel through time, what time period would you visit?
What's the best concert you've seen?
Do you root for any particular sports teams?
What's the worst job you've had?
Which do you like the most: dogs or cats?
Are you a morning person or do you like to stay up late?
What five albums would you take to a desert island?
What would you do with the money if you won the lottery?
Do you like your job?
Have you ever met anyone famous?
How did you and your partner meet?
What apps do you use the most?
Deep Conversation Starters
a couple of friends sitting down, chatting and catching up at a cafe togetherpinterest
Hinterhaus Productions
Who is your biggest role model?
What's your best memory from childhood?
Where do you want to be in 10 years?
What's your definition of success?
What's your personal motto?
What one day would you choose to live over in your life?
What advice you would give to your 18-year-old self?
Is there a lesson that you had to learn the hard way?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What's your best quality?
What would you most like change about yourself if you could?
Who is the most important person to you?
What are people surprised to learn about you?
What's the most difficult thing you've ever done?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
Do you have any regrets?
When are you happiest?
What are you most afraid of?
What's an opinion you've had that has changed over time?
Where do you find inspiration?
When was the last time you laughed so hard you almost wet yourself?
What's your favorite song to sing in the shower?
If you could have one super power what would it be?
What's the worst pick-up line you've ever heard?
What's the best joke you know?
If you worked in a circus, what would your job be?
What's your best dance move?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What's your strangest quirk?
If you could trade lives with any celeb, who would it be?
What's the oddest food in your fridge?
Do you think aliens exist on other planets?
What's your weirdest guilty pleasure?
What's movie scene never fails to make you laugh out loud?
What's the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to you?
If you could make up a holiday, what would it celebrate?
Do you have a hidden talent?
What's the silliest thing you've ever Googled?
What old person habits do you have?
What would the title of your memoir be?
What's your professional goal for this year?
Why did you choose this career?
What's one thing you learned this month?
What was your first job?
Do you listen to anything while you work?
What big challenge have you faced recently?
How do you relax after work?
What do you love best about your job?
Do you have a career role model?
If you could work remotely from anywhere, where would that be?
What part of your job do you wish you could automate?
What are you most excited about that's coming in the next quarter?
Where is the best place you've ever traveled to for work?
Have you tried out a standing desk?
What's the goofiest thing you've ever heard said in a meeting?
Any big plans for the weekend?
What project are you working on?
If you could work in a different department for a day, what would you do?
What do you think is the most important skill to have in your job?
What would you be doing now if you weren't in this profession?
What qualities do you look for in a partner?
What would I never guess about you?
Which fictional character would you love to date?
What's your favorite thing about a first date?
Are you more of an extrovert, or an introvert?
What's your biggest turn-on?
What three words would you use to describe yourself?
What's the worst date you've ever been on?
If you had a theme song, what would it be?
Who was your first kiss?
What's your perfect day?
If money weren't an issue, what would you do with your life?
What is the strangest thing that you find attractive in a person?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What was it about me that attracted your interest?
What are deal breakers for you?
What takes your breath away?
If you took me on a tour of your hometown, where would we go?
How do you picture your life in ten years?
What's your love language?
Did you make any New Year's resolutions this year?
Winter...love it or hate it?
Are you celebrating Valentine's Day?
What's your favorite sappy romantic movie?
How old were you when you stopped believing in the Easter bunny?
What big spring cleaning project are you tackling this month?
What are your favorite summer foods?
Are you a fan of farmers markets?
What are your favorite free summer activities?
Where do you go to leaf peep?
Do you visit any haunted house attractions?
What was your most successful Halloween costume?
What Thanksgiving dish could you not live without?
Have you ever made a pie from scratch?
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
How does your family celebrate Christmas?
